yeah we're going to family and welcome
back to another video how you guys doing
hopefully you guys are doing granted
every as a player view of all rookie 93
overall quarterback Teddy the Teddy
Bridgewater I check out the back of the
scar scar 6-foot 285 speed 87 awareness
95 throw power 90 for Thor equities
short 93 mid 983 throw RC deep 91 play
action and 80 elusive Bridgewater
finished with the highest completion
percentage and quarterback rating among
all rookie quarterbacks I just check out
the dead truck stats on stats to stand
out to me car does have 85 speed 79
carrion 95 third power and 88 throw on
the run straight forward put just plain
and simple this car is a cheap Cam
Newton so if you don't got enough coins
to get yourself a team of the week or
something came doing get yourself a
teddy bridgewater I just bought this car
was really smooth doable just felt
smooth and accurate and also I just felt
this card a helmet was actually pretty
big than comparable to everyone else
down off that she let me know what you
guys think as for his mobility he does
have 85 speed which is solid but with
the direction Maddon is going most of
the defensive lineman in this game is
gonna have 90 + speed so keep that in
mind for the future with 85 speedy does
have the option to do the play-action
the play option and things like that so
you can use it for speed if you need it
as for thora GDB does have 83 so it's a
typical mobile quarterback stack one
play he may be accurate the next play is
like wow how did he ever throw that so
that's the typical mobile quarterback if
you're going to be using it to throw it
deep a lot of the time so keep that in
mind other than that like I said before
he actually throws the ball really
smooth he's very accurate on mid-range a
short-range throws so I actually really
love that scar does have 95 star power I
felt sometimes the ball with linger in
the air when going on the comeback
routes out routes and things like that i
felt it lingered it should have been a
little bit more quicker for my taste
coming from a cam newton with like 97 98
the rock throws power so keep that in
mind if you're liking to do out route to
come back routes the ball may linger
more
often and it may get picked off being
that this car is going in the teens
right now like 15,000 coin 12,000 cones
it's actually able to get pick up if you
want to get yourself something more
expensive go for the team but we can
maybe a calm by warrior rg3 that's if
you're willing to pay that much coins
for our card that has similar stats a
teddy bridgewater so if you guys enjoyed
the video if you did give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're our new let me know
you want me to play review next and I
catch you guys on the next I'm signing
out Bruce